we interrupt this program for an import
yeah can you tell me how to fix high
latency on Xbox one Microsoft's first
recommendation is to check your internet
connection so they want to blame the
ISPs or your bandwidth after all you're
going to have high latency issues if
someone else in the house is streaming
Netflix or downloading from github or if
the ISP is throttling your connection
because you usually do all three at once
no just gaming while someone else checks
email and half the time that's on their
Wi-Fi or phone someone else's laptop
running a Wi-Fi hotspot while you're on
Wi-Fi can cause them to interfere with
each other it'll definitely increase the
latency too much of a good thing then
and you could have high latency because
you have poor Wi-Fi connectivity while
trying to play I thought connectivity
was a yes or no not a sliding scale it
slows down and delays functions because
it is trying to collect all the bits to
put together the new full picture if
your connection is poor even if it is
just you it will slow down I wonder how
MacDonald's Wi-Fi does let's just say it
is barely enough to surf the web while
sipping coffee and they won't appreciate
it if you suck it all up to play games
should I switch to a wired connection it
will reduce your latency issue if the
Wi-Fi is seeing interference or
slowdowns what could interfere with my
Wi-Fi if there is no one else in the
room wireless security cameras wireless
home automation wireless phones in
another room on the same frequency band
lots of things and I thought the
possible spying from the connect camera
by the NSA was bad enough one look of
you gaming in your underwear and they'll
stop I promise but having a streaming
chat with someone while gaming can slow
things down I usually do not use that
feature try not playing while the system
is trying to download updates if you
experience high latency when it first
starts up
the solution is finding something else
to do for five minutes while it updates
as long as I do not lose another 10
minutes rebooting if you were gaming
with multiple people
I'd almost suggest asking what the other
people are experiencing one person's
latency creates latency for everyone
else in the gaming session talk about
not wanting to be a drag on others party
you could also try clearing out the
system cache to free up system resources
and delete upload clips so they do not
increase latency by uploading in the
background
you